[docs][Autocomplete] Virtualization example using `@tanstack/react-virtual` (#45305)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/autocomplete/autocomplete.md

## Virtualization

> Search within 10,000 randomly generated options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following demos show how to use third-party virtualization tools with the Autocomplete to improve performance when handling very large lists of options.
Both demonstrate how to virtualize a list of 10,000 randomly-generated options.
```

### With react-window

> The list is virtualized thanks to [react-window](https://github.com/bvaughn/react-window).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below uses [react-window](https://github.com/bvaughn/react-window) to virtualize the list of options.
```

{{"demo": "VirtualizeWithReactWindow.js"}}

### With TanStack Virtual

> The list is virtualized thanks to [@tanstack/react-virtual](https://github.com/tanstack/virtual).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below uses [Tanstack Virtual](https://github.com/tanstack/virtual) to virtualize the list of options.
```

Author: Ok if we capitalize the "S" in "TanStack" to match their style?

```suggestion
The example below uses [TanStack Virtual](https://github.com/tanstack/virtual) to virtualize the list of options.
```

Reviewer: For sure, good catch!
